http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodes.asp

Mata Nui - The beginning
http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodesplay.asp?epid=1
http://www.lego.com/bionicle/images/chronicle/episodes/Episode_1-1.swf

Tahu enters Ta-Koro.
http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodesplay.asp?epid=2
http://www.lego.com/bionicle/images/chronicle/episodes/Episode_1-2.swf

Tahu in the Forrest
http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodesplay.asp?epid=3
http://www.lego.com/bionicle/images/chronicle/episodes/Episode_2-1.swf

A Tarakava invades Ga-Koro
http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodesplay.asp?epid=4
http://www.lego.com/bionicle/images/chronicle/episodes/Episode_3-2.swf

Gali defeats the Tarakava
http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodesplay.asp?epid=5
http://www.lego.com/bionicle/images/chronicle/episodes/Episode_3-3.swf

Pohatu conquers the Nui-Jaga
http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodesplay.asp?epid=7
http://www.lego.com/bionicle/images/chronicle/episodes/Episode_4-3.swf

The Le-Koronan reveal themselves
http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodesplay.asp?epid=8
http://www.lego.com/bionicle/images/chronicle/episodes/Episode_6-2.swf

The Nui Rama swarm approachs
http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodesplay.asp?epid=9
http://www.lego.com/bionicle/images/chronicle/episodes/Episode_6-3.swf

The Kahu soars into battle against the Nui-Rama
http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodesplay.asp?epid=10
http://www.lego.com/bionicle/images/chronicle/episodes/Episode_6-4.swf

Kongu and his Kahu plunge into the great hive.
http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodesplay.asp?epid=11
http://www.lego.com/bionicle/images/chronicle/episodes/Episode_6-5.swf

Onua and Lewa battle
http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodesplay.asp?epid=12
http://www.lego.com/bionicle/images/chronicle/episodes/Episode_6-7.swf

Kopaka battles Muaka
http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodesplay.asp?epid=13
http://www.lego.com/bionicle/images/chronicle/episodes/Episode_7-2.swf

Maku paddles through the waterfall
http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodesplay.asp?epid=14
http://www.lego.com/bionicle/images/chronicle/episodes/Episode_8-1.swf

Tamaru bridges the ravine
http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodesplay.asp?epid=15
http://www.lego.com/bionicle/images/chronicle/episodes/Episode_8-2.swf

Hafu and Taipu clear the rockslide
http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodesplay.asp?epid=16
http://www.lego.com/bionicle/images/chronicle/episodes/Episode_8-3.swf

Kopeke unlocks the great gate
http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodesplay.asp?epid=17
http://www.lego.com/bionicle/images/chronicle/episodes/Episode_8-4.swf

The Toa prepare to enter Kini Nui
http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodesplay.asp?epid=18
http://www.lego.com/bionicle/images/chronicle/episodes/Episode_8-5.swf

The Toa come together to form the Toa Kaita
http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodesplay.asp?epid=19
http://www.lego.com/bionicle/images/chronicle/episodes/Episode_8-6.swf

The Toa Kaita discover the Manas
http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodesplay.asp?epid=20
http://www.lego.com/bionicle/images/chronicle/episodes/Episode_8-7.swf

The Toa Kaita battle the Manas
http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodesplay.asp?epid=21
http://www.lego.com/bionicle/images/chronicle/episodes/Episode_8-8.swf

The Tohunga unite to battle the Rahi and the Toa Kaita defeat the Manas
http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodesplay.asp?epid=22
http://www.lego.com/bionicle/images/chronicle/episodes/Episode_9-1.swf

Takua descends into the Makuta's lair
http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodesplay.asp?epid=23
http://www.lego.com/bionicle/images/chronicle/episodes/Episode_9-2.swf

The Toa battle Makuta and the Bohrok are revealed
http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodesplay.asp?epid=24
http://www.lego.com/bionicle/images/chronicle/episodes/Episode_9-3.swf

Final speech from Vakama
http://www.lego.com/eng/bionicle/episodesplay.asp?epid=25
http://www.lego.com/bionicle/images/chronicle/episodes/Episode_9-6.swf
